{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg0\uc1\deff0\deflang0\deflangfe0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset1 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Edwardian Script ITC;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0 Left;}{\*\cs1\f0\fs24 Normal text;}}

\uc0
\pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\lang1033\fs44 Biography
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f2\lang1033\fs44 \ldblquote \plain \f2\lang1033\fs44 I hope that you will take part in a journey of artistic expression through my fine art photography of Planet Earth -- A world filled with vibrant color, depth, and surreal texture -- that "glue" that somehow holds us all together.
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Over the years I have always aspired to exceed all personal expectations when it comes to photography. I have resolved to dedicating my life to capturing the most unique and thought-provoking images possible -- land, sea and air in every corner of the globe.
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f2\lang1033\fs20 This is the tip of the iceberg when you consider my collection of work -- representing my continued evolution. In the last 20 years this process has brought me to a very special place where I can relate the adventures of self discovery\plain \f2\lang1033\fs20 \rdblquote \plain \f2\lang1033\fs20 \'85
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Louis Cantillo is best known for his vibrant landscape photography and his collection of doors and windows of the world. Louis has a gift for capturing unique perspectives on the familiar, through careful composition and use of color, texture, and contrast. 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f3\lang1033\fs20 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Born in Caracas, Venezuela, Louis became interested in photography at an early age. He studied photography at Houston Community College from 1990-1992. An Arizona resident since 1992, Louis was drawn to the southwest by its rugged diversity and many challenges for the professional photographer. While Mr. Cantillo began his photographic career with Arizona landscapes, sunsets, and lightning shots, it was a chance side trip through the barrios of Tucson that led him to his real passion - that of photographing colorful doors and windows of the historic districts of the southwestern U.S. and Mexico.
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f2\lang1033\fs20 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f3\lang1033\fs20 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Louis has received national recognition for his images of the El Presidio and Barrio Districts of Tucson. He has also expanded his portfolio to include doors of New Mexico, Colorado, California, and most recently Europe.
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0  \par}