{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg0\uc1\deff0\deflang0\deflangfe0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset1 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Engravers MT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0 Left;}{\*\cs1\f0\fs24 Normal text;}}

\uc0
\pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\lang1033\fs24 Biography
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f2\lang1033\fs20 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Paul Tapia was born in San Francisco on August 14, 1940. He is of Spanish, German and Greek descent. Tapia's most enjoyable pastimes include traveling the world with his art, doing professional archeology, the San Francisco 49ers and being alone with his Julie.
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f3\lang1033\fs20 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Paul Tapia is among the greatest living abstract artists in the world today. Some collectors describe his work as forceful or powerful, while others allude to the ethereal, almost self-illuminating quality of the work. For 25 years Tapia has used the slogan Paul Tapia paints abstracts...for people who don't like abstracts. This evolved as a result of many staunch traditionalists making statements such as "I usually don't like abstracts-but these I like."
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f2\lang1033\fs20 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f3\lang1033\fs20 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f2\lang1033\fs20 People often ask Paul Tapia, "What do you see in your mind when you paint one of your paintings?" They are indeed surprised to get a logical, pragmatic and non-metaphysical answer from a California artist who paints abstracts.
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The underlying premise for his striking compositions is based entirely on the 2000-year-old theory of dynamic symmetry, or what Plato referred to simply as the Golden Mean. This phenomenon occurs when the ratio of 1:1.6 is applied to the placement of size relationships within a given dimension. It is more than mere coincidence that this ratio occurs everywhere in nature, including the human body. So it stands to reason that a person would find the ratio of 1:1.6 most pleasing to the eye when it is applied to the visual arts.
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Paul Tapia's abstracts also fully encompass Michelangelo's theory.  It was Michelangelo who said that beauty needs neither apology nor explanation. It is there to be enjoyed, to be appreciated, to be absorbed by the physical senses.  
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Tapia's paintings have no symbolic or hidden meaning. Tapia never gives his paintings a title. He feels an artist's title on a painting can take away a personal interpretation that someone has about a particular painting. As Tapia puts it, "One person's sunset is another person's sunrise. So if a painting blows someone's dress up, I don't want to mess with their hemline."
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Someone once told Tapia that all of his paintings looked alike. Tapia smiled smugly and said slowly, "I guess that's a problem if you intend to buy them all!"
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f3\lang1033\fs20 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Paul Tapia is spontaneous and outspoken. He is very philosophical, and admittedly he is a sentimental sap. He says "Most artists are a little different than the rest of humanity, so I fit right in." Those who really know Paul Tapia agree that his paintings are a very accurate extension of his unique personality.
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\s0\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0  \par}